Privacy Policy
1 Introduction

This document aims to provide you with information about the processing, collection, use and disclosure of information, including your personal data, and your access and use of our products and services.

Head2Head (Ras B Ras) . complies with and abides by applicable laws and regulations regarding the protection and storage of personal information.

This Privacy Policy applies to all services, products, websites, games and content, collectively referred to as “Products” and/or “Services”, operated by Head2Head (Ras B Ras)

When this policy refers to “Ras B Ras”, “we”, or “us”, it refers to Head2Head (Ras B Ras) . which is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy. (“Data Controller”)

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party services or websites or third parties linked or integrated with any Head2Head (Ras B Ras) product. These third parties have their own privacy policies and terms of service, and Head2Head Network (Ras B Ras) has no control over them in any way.

We are committed to protecting your privacy and taking special measures to ensure the confidentiality of personally identifiable information collected from or about you. This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect, how we collect it, why and how we use it, with whom we share it, how you can access and update that information, your choices about how we collect, use and share it, and how we will protect the information we store about you.

Please read this policy carefully. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or any part of it, if you do not want us to collect, store, use or share your information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy, you may not use our products. You may ask us to delete your account and obtain a copy of your information. If you do not notify us in writing of your disagreement or failure to take the necessary steps to delete your account, you are deemed to have fully accepted the Privacy Policy.

Your use of our services constitutes your acceptance of the version of this policy in effect at the time of your use.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at rasbras2024@gmail.com. Do not use our products and services until you are satisfied and can accept this policy in full.

2. Types of information we collect

2.1 Information required to use the products

We request and collect the following personal information about you when you use the products. This information is necessary for the proper performance of the appropriate contract between you and us and to enable us to comply with our legal obligations, without which we may not be able to provide you with all the services requested.

2.1.1 Account Information

Your Email

Password

Other information that helps us ensure that you have access to your account or helps us improve our services

2.1.2 Additional Data Information

You may choose to provide additional information in your profile, and some of the information displayed in your account settings is part of your public profile page and can be seen by others.

Profile picture

Game username

2.1.3 Information generated by your use of our communication methods

We will collect and store the contact information you choose to provide when contacting our support team, such as your name, email address, information about your activity with the Products, user ID and/or social network ID. We will also store your communications with the support team and any information in those communications to provide support and improve the Product.

Participate in message boards;

Send messages or invitations to other players;

Chat with other players;

Post photos, videos, graphics or text.

We may access and/or store records of such communications, comments, photos, videos, graphics or text in real time to use them to protect the safety of players and our legal rights and ownership of our services and products.

When you use the Products, we will automatically collect information, including personal information. About the Services you use and how you use them, this information is necessary for the proper performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and to give us a legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the functionality of the Products.

2.2 Usage Information

We collect information about your interactions with the Products and other actions on the Products. In some cases, we will associate this information with your social network token or user tokens. This information may include:

2.2.1 Log Data and Device Information

Date and time of login

Type of device you are using

Mobile Device Identifier and Advertising Identifier (IDFA)

Platform Type

Login Page

Game Status and date and time of activity on our Sites or Games

In-Game Activity

Crash Logs and Diagnostic Information

Run Performance Logs (such as Google Analytics)

2.2.2 Payment Transaction Information

If you purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items in the Products, regardless of whether they are played on our domain, on our social network, or on your mobile device, our payment processor will collect billing and financial information to process your charges. We do not collect or store your financial information, such as credit card numbers. We may obtain payment information, such as the transaction code, price, and amount.

2.3 Information We Collect from Third Parties

2.3.1 Information We Collect from Third Party Connected Applications

If you sign in with a third party (such as Google, Apple, or Facebook), or access our Services from connected third-party applications (including social networks), the third-party service may send us the following information: such as your registration information from the service, your personal profile information, or information you have allowed in the privacy settings of that service.

If you access our products and services from a third-party application or connect our services to a third-party application, you should also read that party’s terms of service and privacy policy. If you are unsure about what information a third-party application shares with us, please go to the third-party application to learn more about their privacy practices.

We may access, collect, or store some or all of the following information that the third-party application provider shares with us.

User ID

Nickname

Any other information that you or the third-party application provider shares with us.

2.3.2 Information about “Friends”

You may link your account in the Products to accounts in third-party social networking services. Your contacts on such third-party services are referred to as “Friends.” You will be given the option to invite such “Friends” to join you in our Products. Your activities in the Products may be displayed to your friends on such third-party application with your permission if you choose to share such information.

2.3.3 Other Sources

We may collect or receive information about you from other sources, such as third-party information providers, to the extent necessary to ensure the proper performance of our contract with you, to ensure our compliance with applicable laws, and with your consent. We use this information in addition to the information you provide to us directly, for example, to help you and your friends communicate or to serve you advertising that is more relevant to your interests.

We do not own or control these third-party services. These third-party services have their own rules about the collection, use, and disclosure of information.

3 Legal basis for data processing

We comply with all applicable laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”, Regulation (EU) 2016/679, https://www.eugdpr.org/). Companies must have a legal basis for processing data under European law.

3.1 Your Consent

If you give your consent, we process your information, including personal information, as described in your consent, to prepare targeted offers of our products and to analyse them when you participate in promotional activities conducted by our partners or third parties.

3.2 Contract

• As necessary to fulfil our Terms of Service

• The adequate performance of the contract between you and us

3.3 Legal Obligations

• To enable us to comply with legal obligations

3.4 Necessary Interests

• To protect your important interests and those of others

3.5 Legal Rights

• Our legitimate rights and interests in providing and improving the functionality of the Products and Services

• Our legitimate rights and interests in protecting the Products and Services

• To detect and prevent any fraudulent or harmful activities involving our Products and Services or our users

• To measure the adequate performance of our contract with you

• As necessary for our legitimate (or other) interests, including our interests in providing innovative, personalized, secure and profitable services to users and our partners, unless those interests conflict with your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require the protection of personal data

4 How We Use the Information We Collect

We use, store and process information, including personal information about you, to provide, understand, improve and develop the Products, create a reliable and secure environment and comply with our legal obligations. Our legitimate interests are to research and improve our services; to conduct marketing activities tailored to you, which may be of interest to you; to improve and measure the performance of contracts signed with you. It is our legitimate interests to protect us, our services and our property from any harm and to comply with the law.

4.1 Provide, improve and develop the Products

• Provide access to and use of the Products

• Create a Game Account and enable you to play

• Allow you to use our social features and communicate with other users

• Improve the Products by researching and analyzing usage and performance

• Provide technical and customer support

• Communicate with you regarding services, support and updates

4.2 Create and maintain a reliable and secure environment

• Detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents and other harmful activities

• Protect our rights and property relating to our Products

• Comply with our legal obligations

• Resolve any disputes with any of our users

• Enforce our Terms of Service and other policies

4.3 Provide, personalize, measure and improve marketing and advertising

• Send promotional messages, offers, marketing, advertising and other information that may be of interest to you according to your preferences

• Notify players about updates, new products or promotions in the Game

• Personalize, measure and improve our advertising

• Administer referral and rewards programs, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, promotions or other activities sponsored or administered by us or our third party partners

5 How We Share This Information

5.1 Aggregated Data

We may share aggregated information (information about users that we combine together so that it no longer points to an individual user) and other anonymized information for legal compliance, business and market analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, advertising, and other business purposes.

5.2 Your Consent

With your consent, we may share your information with third parties, or allow them to collect your information from our Services in ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.

5.3 Sharing Between Users

When you share and communicate with other users of the Products, some of your data may be shared with them or made visible to them. Information about your profile and game activity, such as in-game currency earned, number of wins and losses, and more, may be displayed on a leaderboard for your friends in the game. Additionally, the leaderboard may be posted on our websites. Any posts on message boards will be visible to other users.

5.4 Personal Data and Other Public Information

The Products allow you to post information that is visible to the public, including personal information. Some information is visible to others (such as your profile, nickname, profile picture, game points, and account level).

5.5 Third Party Service Providers

We use a number of third party service providers to help us provide services related to our Products.

We may share information with third party service providers such as payment processors, data analytics, statistics, research, email, hosting, customer service, consulting, marketing, review, and advertising networks.

These providers have limited access to your information to perform tasks on our behalf, and are contractually obligated to protect and use it only for the purposes disclosed and consistent with this Privacy Policy.

5.6 Advertising and Analytics

Our Products are advertised so that we can provide some Product functionality for free. We do not share personal information with third party advertisers for direct marketing purposes unless you have given us your consent.

Third party advertisers may collect or share performance data, aggregate data, and technical information.

This information is used to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and to deliver targeted advertising, whether you have provided your consent.

In addition, we incorporate analytics into our Products to monitor and measure player activity to maintain and improve our Services.

5.7 Safety, Security and Compliance with Law

We access, preserve and share your information with regulatory bodies, legal authorities or others to:

• In response to a legal request and if required by law

• To detect crime, fraud, unauthorized use of the Products, violation of our Terms or Policies or other harmful or illegal activity; To protect our rights and property

• To protect you or others, to prevent death or bodily harm

5.8 New Ownership

If ownership or control of all or part of our Products or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.

6 How can you exercise your rights under the GDPR?

6.1 Exercising your rights

You can exercise any rights you have to correct, amend or delete your information. If you would like to exercise any of the rights described in this section, review, delete or change your information, or have other questions, please contact us at rasbras2024@gmail.com. We will respond to your request within (30) days.

Please note that we may require you to verify your identity before taking any further action on your request.

Please note that once you make any changes to your account settings, it may take some time (due to technical and procedural constraints) for the changes to become effective. These changes will be processed immediately and in any event no longer than thirty days.

6.2 List of Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation

6.2.1 Right to be informed

You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data.

If you want to know what personal information we have stored, write to us at rasbras2024@gmail.com with the subject “Data Export”.

6.2.2 Right to Access

You have the right to access your personal data.

You may access and update some of your information through your Account settings. If you choose to link your account to a third-party social network (such as Google or Facebook), you can change your settings and remove app permissions by changing your Account settings.

6.2.3 Right to rectification

You have the right to correct and amend incorrect personal data.

If you cannot change this personal information on the "Account" page, please send an email to rasbras2024@gmail.com with the subject "Update my data". You are responsible for keeping your personal information up to date.

6.2.4 Right to erasure

You have the right to have personal data deleted. The right to erasure is known as the "right to be forgotten". The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.

If you wish to close your account and delete your personal data, you can email us at rasbras2024@gmail.com with the subject "Delete account". Please provide your account details, such as: username, email address and/or your social network icon, through which you access our services. We will respond to your request within thirty days.

6.2.5 Right to restrict processing

You have the right to request the restriction or prohibition of the use of personal data.

This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances. Where processing is restricted, we are permitted to store personal data, but may not use it.

If you would like to stop receiving promotional emails from us, our partners or third parties, please click on the “unsubscribe” link in the email. If you would like to withdraw your consent to receive any personalised offers, you can do so by changing your account settings. If you do not want to receive notifications, you can turn them off by visiting the “Settings” page of your mobile device.

6.2.6 Right to data portability

You have the right to have your personal data processed and reused for your own purposes across different services. This right only applies to information that you have provided to us.

You may request a copy of the personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.

6.2.7 Right to object

Individuals have the right to object to:

• Processing on the basis of legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority (including diagnostic files)

• Direct marketing (including diagnostic files)

• Processing for scientific/historical research purposes and statistical processing.

6.2.8 Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling

If you do not want to be the subject of profiling, you can opt out in the “Account” settings.

6.3 Targeted advertising from third parties

If you choose to opt out of “interest-based” targeted web advertising delivered by third parties, you can visit the websites of the listed third parties. These websites are operated by third parties. We do not control or manage them.

If you choose to opt out of seeing “interest-based” targeted in-app advertising delivered by third parties, you can adjust the ad tracking settings on your mobile device. Most modern mobile devices (iOS 6 and Android 2.3) provide advertising identifiers. These identifiers have different names depending on the brand of mobile device. For example, on Android devices they are called Google Ads ID (GAID), and on iOS they are called Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA). These operating systems allow you to view your advertising identifier in your device settings and control how it is used.

Please note that even if you opt out of targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising from third parties within our Products, but these ads will not be based on your activity across unrelated websites or apps.

7 Third Party Services and Advertisers

Our Products may contain advertisements from third party services, which are companies other than us, and may link to their websites, online services, or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third party services. If you have any questions about how these parties use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.

8 How long we retain your information

How long we retain your information depends on why we collect it and how we use it. We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the Services (performance of the contract) or until your account is deleted - whichever comes first.

In some cases, some information may be retained for a period of time after your account is closed:

• As necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and security (multiple accounts, duplicate emails)

• As necessary to comply with our legal obligations, such as tax, legal reporting and auditing

• Information you have shared with others (messages on message boards) may remain publicly visible on the Products, even after your account is closed. However, this information will be removed from your account. In addition, some copies of your information (such as registration records) may remain in our database, but they are separated by personal identifiers

• Because we take continuous measures to prevent accidental or malicious loss of product data, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from backup systems for a limited period of time

9 How to request deletion of Facebook user data

9.1 Users can contact us via Facebook private message or email rasbras2024@gmail.com to submit a data deletion request.

9.2 In order to protect the user's virtual property, we will initiate account verification after receiving the submission. Within 5 business days, we will contact the user through the original contact information, confirm the user's identity information and delete the application, and generate a unique work order number and send it to the user.

9.3 After the user submits the work order number through the feedback function in the game, the data deletion process can be completed within 5 business days.

9.4 Since data deletion is an irreversible action, before the deletion is completed, the user can urgently cancel the deletion request through a message via Facebook and email rasbras2024@gmail.com.

After the user deletes the game, he or she must cancel the game license on Facebook, and the specific method is as follows:

Users need to go to their personal Facebook page and go to Settings and Privacy> Settings> App and Site Pages;

Select "Delete" App: <Game App Name>

10 Protecting Your Information

We are constantly implementing and updating administrative procedures (including the appointment of a data protection officer), technical and physical security measures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, loss, erasure or modification.

Some of the safeguards we use to protect your information are firewalls, data encryption, SSL encrypted connection between the client and the server, security certificate keys and information access level controls.

Please keep your login credentials secure, including your login email and password or other social media account you use to log in. If you know or have reason to believe that your account credentials have been lost, stolen, or otherwise compromised, or if there has been any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your account, please contact rasbras2024@gmail.com. For “Account Security”.

When you log in to your account or enter third-party payment information, we use encryption to transmit that information.

While we take precautions against any potential security breach of our products, customer databases, and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will not occur, nor can we guarantee the security of your information while it is in transit to our products.

11 Data Transfers Outside the European Economic Area

Given the global nature of our Products and to provide a better service, we may transfer, store and process information about players and visitors to our Products, including personal information, on servers, equipment and with service providers located inside and outside the Economic Zone (Dubai, UAE), such as the United States or Canada, for the purposes described in this Policy.

These data transfers are necessary to provide and operate the services set out in our Terms and to provide you with our Products globally.

The data we hold may also be processed by staff who work for us or our partners and service providers outside the European Economic Area. These staff may be engaged in, among other things, (1) processing your transactions and payment details and (2) providing support services.

When we transfer your personal information internationally, we will take careful steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and lawfully in the manner described herein. Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the locations where your information is transferred, stored, used or processed may differ from the privacy laws applicable to the location where you reside.

Where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside the European Economic Area, we have ensured that appropriate data protection safeguards are in place.

12 Changes to this Privacy Policy

To comply with the latest legislation and to provide the best possible protection, we reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with this clause.

If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the amended Privacy Policy on the Products and on this page, and update the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

We will announce the changes by placing a notice on the Products and within the Games or by sending a message to your registered email address. We may also post additional notices on our social networking pages and other websites.

If you do not agree to the amended Privacy Policy, you may cancel your account. If you do not cancel your account before the effective date of the amended Privacy Policy, we will consider your continued use of or access to the Products, Websites or any other services as acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy from the effective date as described above.

13 Contact Us

If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, you may contact us by email: rasbras2024@gmail.com

Please send all game-related inquiries, customer support and technical support requests to: rasbras2024@gmail.com

Note: Do not share your login password in email communication.

All other inquiries should be sent to: rasbras2024@gmail.com